good morning and welcome to vlogmas day
1 so if you didn't already know I am
doing vlogmas this year which is where
you vlog every day for the lead-up to
Christmas so I'm going to be vlogging
and posting every day from now until of
December 25th which is so exciting so
I'm all readily festive wearing this
reindeer top which I got from next and
I'm also wearing these high-waisted
corduroy trousers from Nuala okay so
today very very very excitingly and I've
got one of my best friends coming to say
so this is my friend
Esme you've probably at least heard
about her a lot in my vlog spike is and
I think I'm kind of always talking about
her and she's in loads of food days as
well got my pin board
sorry about the extractor fan by the way
yeah she's gonna be here at 11:00 it's
currently 8 o'clock so I'm starting
vlogging quite late that's because I
decided not to get up early this morning
because I'm gonna be going to bed quite
late this evening and also I didn't
really get that earlier night last night
so I just thought it'd be better to wake
up later so I woke up at about 7:00 7:30
this morning it's really important to
get enough sleep so 8 o'clock now I need
to tidy my room because it's so messy
and look I left all of my washing up
from dinner like yesterday
I don't know why I did this now I'm
gonna get that done then I'm going to
kick up some breakfast and know we make
my bed first actually that's a lie
[Music]
okay now it's time to make some
breakfast and I am going to be making
some vanilla yogurt flat breads I've
never tried this before but I'm I'm just
kind of making up this recipe because
you can make it with you can make
flatbread with well obviously you can
make flatbread with normal yogurt but
I've got sweet lot and I thought it
might be quite nice to try a flatbread
of course you would add salt nutmeg
I'm loving nutmeg at the moment
[Music]
so here is my breakfast it's kind of big
because I'm quite hungry but and I'm
also not sure how these are going to
taste it's basically just as I showed
you flour and yogurt flat breads and
then this is some granola with lots and
lots of milk and yogurt okay so it's
currently brains out of charge oh it's
not and it's currently quarter past nine
and I've just eaten breakfast and I've
been working on a very exciting campaign
for YouTube which you will hear more
about eventually but just not at the
moment
and I realize I haven't opened my advent
calendar yet say this is the advent
calendar
I've got this I wanted to get a t1 but
they'd sold out by the time I went to
fire no and I really like it so let's
find number one little too Christmasy do
so before asthma came I decided to do
some studying so I just went through and
summarized all of the arguments that we
had learned in knowledge and reality
because we had a quiz coming up on
Monday and so basically I just saw what
I could remember for each of the
Philosopher's and then I would know
where to just focus my last bits of
revision
I also decided to write a list of all
the vocabulary that I came across whilst
going through Mike wizard SATs for
knowledge and reality I decided to go
through every single one of my quiz at
SATs but I don't think I fell me doing
all of them just because I don't know um
but yes I basically just studied before
as May got here because I knew that I
wouldn't get a chance to you for the
rest of the day
[Music]
so we've just eaten at last iguanas and
it was really really good it's South
American food and we should take a photo
in the Merry Christmas sighs yeah I'll
show you actually
[Music]
I'm not actually ready either say yeah I
mean it wasn't it wasn't really hard as
I'm getting up not you mean
[Music]
no I didn't know everyone just brought
into the reception they were given a key
and told which number though I and then
I got really scared I was gonna forget
it
so the Phaedo he went up you're like oh
I don't really know it free women it was
all pretty smooth and you had student
helpers as well
[Music]
my god
ribbit who head in the bakery at
Christmas
I'm in my way that skin I have a huge
head
uh normal
[Music]
how come you clumsy man you know
this time
[Laughter]
[Music]
post your wall people and my coat by
accident so she had to walk that really
fit she kept them on the whole night
and then it was literally it has I'm
talking about as a worry why I just fell
on my bum it looked very painful